all right we got it all hooked up now
I'm gonna fire it up and give a quick
demo
you can get it focusing
PlayStation controller
PlayStation initialized all systems
checked and functioning properly and
join your session this is booting a
stripped down version of hi Christine
we just got a couple of basic systems on
here the main thing for this one was to
be able to run playstation off of it you
can see here we're controlling
everything with the ps3 controller
let's see if I can run through a couple
of these games we still got quite a few
games to go through and get the artwork
for but
see I show you one moldings I could find
we go so let's soon
takes a second to the Buddha
there she goes let's get some of this
here was just a quick demo on the game
fortunately reset it up and we're going
to show you some of the media stuff